Add product docs for Studio and migration (#24)
extend-hq/documentation: product-reference/studio/publishing.mdx

---
title: "Publishing processors"
description: "How to publish and deploy processors in Studio"
---

> From the processor UI in Studio, you can publish new versions of your processor, which can then be selected and used in one more worklfows deployed on Extend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the processor UI in Studio, you can publish new versions of your processor, which can then be selected and used in one or more workflows deployed on Extend.
```

![](/images/studio/extractor_publish.png)

When you save changes to a processor, these will update the draft version. You can make as many changes as you want

> before publishing a new version, and once you do, all the changes will be rolled into the new version and the draft will go back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the draft before publishing a new version. Once you publish, all the draft changes will be rolled into the new version and the draft will go back
```

to having no "Unpublished changes".

> ## Minor version

Reviewer: I think we should have a paragraph explaining why you would even want to publish a new version vs continuing to save changes to draft. e.g. something about pinning / upgrading versions in workflows.
